hope you have a strong stomach traveling
through the bridge is
nor the center of the male's the rent
let us hope brawl and the others can
contain it while you're inside
this is it brace yourself
you made it good this is the temple of
Earth it's the most important structure
and deep hole there was once a Titan
maidstone inside it was known as the
world pillar the name was literal it
bought await all the elemental and
magnetic forces indeed it was shattered
when deathwing broke through the dome
above and created the rift between the
two worlds all of deep home is going to
collapse into Azeroth if we do not put
the world you've got enough damage glob
the earth welcomes you no longer
Oh
you